JUDY WOODRUFF: Good evening. I'm
Judy Woodruff.
On the "NewsHour" tonight:
BARACK OBAMA, President of the
United States:
Mere words cannot give voice to
such suffering.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Making history.
As the first
sitting U.S. president to visit
Hiroshima,
Japan, President Obama pays
tribute to victims,
and calls for an end to nuclear
weapons.
And it's Friday. Mark Shields
and David Brooks
take on a week full of news and
politics,
as the candidates level new
attacks at each
other.
Then, courtroom canines: how
man's best friend
is helping younger crime victims
feel more
at ease taking the stand.
PEARL CURIEL, Mother: I couldn't
be right
there, where the mom is supposed
to be. I
couldn't hold my daughter and
rub her back
while she talked, you know? But
he was. He
was able to say, you know what,
I'm not going
to leave you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: All that and more
on tonight's
"PBS NewsHour."
(BREAK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: President Obama
went today
where none of his predecessors
had gone while
in office: Hiroshima, Japan. He
sought to
navigate between honoring the
victims, and
standing by the U.S. atomic
bombings that
left 130,000 dead, and led to
the end of World
War II.
MARGARET WARNER: The nuclear
bomb that destroyed
Hiroshima on August 6, 1945,
changed Japan
and the world forever; 70,000
people were
killed instantly. By year's end,
another 70,000
were dead from radiation
poisoning.
The city was flattened, apart
from a one domed
building, now known as the
Atomic Bomb Dome.
It stands as a reminder of the
first-ever
atomic attack on a human
population and as
a symbol of peace.
President Obama solemnly paid
his respects
there today. And with Japanese
Prime Minister
Shinzo Abe, he laid a wreath at
the nearby
Hiroshima Peace Memorial.
BARACK OBAMA, President of the
United States:
We stand here in the middle of
this city and
force ourselves to imagine the
moment the
bomb fell. We force ourselves to
feel the
dread of children confused by
what they see.
We listen to a silent cry.
MARGARET WARNER: Three days
after Hiroshima,
a second atomic bomb killed
70,000 more in
Nagasaki. The U.S. did it to
bring a quicker
end to World War II.
The president offered no apology
today, but
renewed his call for abolishing
nuclear weapons.
BARACK OBAMA: Among those
nations like my
own that hold nuclear
stockpiles, we must
have the courage to escape the
logic of fear,
and pursue a world without them.
We may not
realize this goal in my
lifetime, but persistent
effort can hold back the
possibility of catastrophe.
MARGARET WARNER: In an emotional
moment afterward,
Mr. Obama greeted survivors of
the Hiroshima
bombing. Other survivors joined
the crowds
lining his motorcade route.
Fewer than 83,000
are still alive.
WOMAN (through translator): I'm
very happy
to see him visiting here. He has
sent out
a message for peace in the past,
and today
he is putting his words into
practice.
AKIRA KONDO, Hiroshima Survivor
(through translator):
It would have been much better
if a U.S. president
could have made the visit
earlier. It took
71 years. I think it could have
happened earlier.
MARGARET WARNER: A younger
generation brought
its own perspective to the
visit.
WOMAN (through translator): His
visit to Hiroshima
means a lot, because it's a step
forward from
all the conciliatory rhetoric we
have traded
so far.
MARGARET WARNER: But there've
also been protests
in the day's leading up to the
visit and demands
for an apology.
MAN (through translator): Of
course he will
not apologize, simply, because,
if he does,
the U.S. cannot use the nuclear
weapon again.
I believe he's not apologizing
here to leave
the possibility to use nuclear
weapons open
for the future.
MARGARET WARNER: Even before his
election
at a 2008 speech in Berlin,
Germany, Mr. Obama
embraced the opposite goal.
BARACK OBAMA: This is the moment
when we must
renew the goal of a world
without nuclear
weapons.
MARGARET WARNER: Yet now the
Defense Department
is in the midst of a sweeping
upgrade of its
nuclear arsenal. The plan is to
spend $1 trillion
over the next three decades on
new nuclear
submarines, bombers and weapons
themselves.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm
Margaret Warner.
JUDY WOODRUFF: We will look at
the nuclear
threat in the world today after
the news summary.
The events at Hiroshima came
after major economic
powers wrapped up a two-day
Group of Seven
Summit in Japan. In a warning
aimed at China,
the leaders opposed unilateral
actions in
the East and South China Seas.
Instead, they
called for peaceful resolutions
to territorial
disputes.
Beijing responded that the G7
should stick
to economic matters.
There is word that Iran is
honoring all its
major obligations under the
nuclear deal it
signed with world powers last
year. The Associated
Press obtained the confidential
assessment
by the U.N.'s Nuclear Agency. It
says that
Tehran has now corrected a
previous violation.
Under the deal, Iran won relief
from international
sanctions in exchange for limits
on its nuclear
activities.
The U.S. presidential campaign
was strictly
a West Coast affair today. All
three candidates
campaigned with an eye on the
calendar and
the date of June 7.
Lisa Desjardins has our report.
DONALD TRUMP (R), Presidential
Candidate:
I want to make a big play for
California.
Should I?
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
LISA DESJARDINS: One day after
clinching the
GOP nomination, Donald Trump
kept up his push
for the Golden State. Outside
his Fresno event,
protesters kept up their push
too. But, elsewhere,
Trump gained new, if lukewarm,
words of support
from a former opponent, Florida
Senator Marco
Rubio.
SEN. MARCO RUBIO (R), Florida: I
don't want
Hillary Clinton to be president.
If there's
something I can do to help that
from happening,
and it's helpful to the cause, I
would most
certainly be honored to be
considered for
that.
LISA DESJARDINS: Trump, too, is
talking about
Hillary Clinton.
DONALD TRUMP: The inspector
general, who's
a Democrat, did a big, big
number on her.
I don't know how she can
continue to run,
I will be honest with you. How
does she continue
to run? Do you think Hillary
looks presidential
in office?
CROWD: No!
LISA DESJARDINS: Like Trump, the
two remaining
Democrats spent their campaign
day in voter-rich
California, with polls showing a
much tighter
race between them as the June 7
primary nears.
Bernie Sanders went big,
rallying with union
workers on the San Pedro
Waterfront.
SEN. BERNIE SANDERS (VT-I),
Presidential Candidate:
You and I are going to have to
tell the billionaire
class they cannot get it all,
that this economy
and government belong to all of
us.
(CHEERING AND APPLAUSE)
SEN. BERNIE SANDERS: It is an
absurdity that
you have multibillionaire like
Sheldon Adelson
contributing large sums of money
to another
billionaire, like Donald Trump.
LISA DESJARDINS: Hillary Clinton
met with
community leaders in Oakland,
hitting again
at Trump's temperament.
HILLARY RODHAM CLINTON (D),
Presidential Candidate:
You know, I like to say, yes, we
can use the
White House as a bully pulpit.
We don't want
a bully in the White House. But
we can use
the bully pulpit to talk about
issues. Let's
begin to cut across all the
barriers, the
geographic barriers and
everything else that
stand in the way.
LISA DESJARDINS: For now, what's
standing
in Clinton's way is the number
73, as in the
remaining delegates she needs
for the nomination.
For the "PBS NewsHour," I'm Lisa
Desjardins.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Eight automakers
are recalling
more than 12 million vehicles in
the U.S.
to replace the air bag
inflators. The devices
made by the Japanese firm Takata
can explode
with too much force. They have
been linked
to at least 11 deaths worldwide.
The new recalls
are part of an expanded campaign
announced
earlier this month.
The U.N. Refugee Agency is
urging Hungary
and Serbia to help migrants now
camping in
desperate conditions. They're on
the Serbian
side of the border, blocked from
moving north
by the fence that Hungary put up
last year.
U.N. officials say that some 300
migrants
are living in tents there. They
have no access
to toilets or to running water,
and have to
rely on aid groups for food.
Nearly 40,000 Verizon workers
may be back
on the job in the Eastern U.S.
next week with
a new four-year contract. The
company and
its unions reached a tentative
deal today
to end a strike. Landline and
cable employees
walked off the job April 13 in
nine Eastern
states and the District of
Columbia.
In economic news, growth ran at
annual rate
of eight-tenths of a percent in
the first
quarter. That is relatively
weak, but it's
better than the initial
estimate. The Federal
Reserve chairwoman, Janet
Yellen, also said
today that she expects another
interest rate
hike before long, if growth
continues to improve.
And Wall Street capped off its
strongest week
since March. The Dow Jones
industrial average
gained 45 points to close at
17873. The Nasdaq
rose more than 31, and the S&P
500 added nine
points. For the week, the Dow
and S&P 500
was up 2 percent. The Nasdaq
rose 3 percent.
Still to come on the "NewsHour":
a look at
the world's nuclear reality 70
years after
the U.S. dropped the atomic
bomb; one Japanese
man's quest to remember the 12
American POWs
killed at Hiroshima; a top
chef's solution
to food waste; and much more.
killed at Hiroshima; a top
chef's solution
to food waste; and much more.
We return to the president's
visit to Hiroshima
with a look at his nuclear
legacy and at the
ongoing threat from those
weapons.
For that we turn to Stephen
Rademaker, who
was assistant secretary of state
for arms
control and nonproliferation
during the George
W. Bush administration, and
Rachel Bronson,
who is the executive director
and publisher
of the Bulletin of the Atomic
Scientists,
which focuses on nuclear weapons
and disarmament.
And we welcome both of you to
the program.
So, we did hear President Obama
today in Japan
repeating the goal that he laid
out, he first
laid out when he came into
office. He said
the nations that hold nuclear
stockpiles must
have the courage to pursue a
world without
them.
Rachel Bronson, how has the
president done
on that front?
RACHEL BRONSON, Bulletin of the
Atomic Scientists:
Well, I think the president
started off very
strong. Obviously, you mentioned
his Prague
speech in 2009.
But it's a strange bookmark to
come out at
the end of it today, towards the
end of his
administration. We have had
enormous progress
in the first part of his
administration and
much less in more recent years,
so some big
victories early on, I do think
important agreements
like New START and the Iran
deal, but then
slower progress in the last few
years.
JUDY WOODRUFF: How would you
rate the president's
progress on this, Stephen
Rademaker?
STEPHEN RADEMAKER, Former U.S.
Arms Control
Official: Well, I would say the
goals that
the president set for himself in
the Prague
speech were completely
unrealistic, and so
it's not surprising that, having
confronted
reality during the course of his
administration,
he's had to back down from those
unrealistic
aims.
Of course, he continues to
articulate the
abolition of nuclear weapons as
a goal, but
I think, unlike in 2009, when I
think he was
sincere and he really thought
this was achievable,
I think today he wants to
abolish nuclear
weapons in the same way that
other politicians
say they want to abolish poverty
or eliminate
drug addiction.
It's an aspiration, but not
something that
we -- something we all
understand is not going
to be achieved anytime soon.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Rachel Bronson,
what should
the president have done and what
do you think
his successor should be doing?
RACHEL BRONSON: Well, I think
what he likely
needs to do at this point is we
need, as a
country, to kind of take a look
at this massive
modernization program that the
president is
undertaking.
So, in an effort to reduce the
number of nuclear
weapons around the world, he
kind of engaged
with the Russians and signed an
arms deal
to help reduce what we had
around -- exactly
what he had set out to do. But
to get that,
he had to make a deal, which was
that he was
going to invest in the
modernization of our
nuclear arsenal, which he has
done.
But, looking at that very hard,
what it begins
to look like is not just
modernization, not
just keeping those weapons safe,
so that we
don't rust our way to
disarmament, which would
be very dangerous, but it seems
like we're
actually building a new fleet.
And the kinds
of money -- the budget has
ballooned, and
so the next president is really
going to have
to take a hard look at how do we
get back
on pace to make sure that not
only do we continue
to decrease numbers, but that
our arsenal
isn't becoming stronger, bigger,
you know,
more threatening.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Stephen
Rademaker, how do you
look at what the president
should have done
differently?
STEPHEN RADEMAKER: Well, if you
accept the
fantasy that we're about to
abolish nuclear
weapons, then, of course,
spending a trillion
dollars to modernize it is a
waste of money.
But the reality is...
JUDY WOODRUFF: You're coming at
this from
a very different direction from
Ms. Bronson.
STEPHEN RADEMAKER: Of course.
The reality is, as the president
has recognized,
we're not about to eliminate
nuclear weapons.
They're going to be around for a
long time,
so it is necessary to make these
investments
in modernization.
And I know this number, $1
trillion, gets
thrown around. If you want to
deceptively
present any budget number, you
won't give
the one-year number, you will
give the 30-year
number, because it's a vastly
larger number.
It basically works out to 5
percent of the
defense budget, which, compared
to the amount
of money that we spent during
the Cold War
on nuclear weapons, is
relatively small.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, we're not
going to resolve
what the U.S. should do here.
But let's broaden this out just
quickly. Rachel
Bronson, when you compare where
the world
is today with where we were,
say, 25 years
ago, at the end of the Cold War,
has there
been progress made when it comes
to nuclear
weapons from your perspective or
not?
RACHEL BRONSON: Yes, there
certainly has been
progress.
But just picking up on where
Steve was, it
is important to note that the
military itself
is beginning to balk at the
price tag associated
with this. And they are
beginning to look
at and say, it's not going to
come out of
our budget. It's got to come out
of different
pockets.
So they're balking too. These
costs are really
escalating. And it seems beyond
our ability,
A, to afford, or, if we are
going to afford
it, we're not going to be able
to do other
things that the military wants
to do.
So, it's not just kind of where
these numbers
are. There is a lot of concern
at what this
is going to cost and at what
cost to other
kinds of tasks and other weapons
that the
U.S. might be want to be
investing in. So
I just think -- I wanted to make
that point.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Right.
RACHEL BRONSON: But in terms of
where we are
from the Cold War, we have seen
massive reductions
and important reductions.
We have also seen progress in
beginning to
move highly enriched uranium,
plutonium out
of certain countries. The
president has done
-- has moved the needle
positively in directions
that have made the world safer,
but, you know,
this is a new world. And we're
entering a
new world where more countries
have nuclear
weapons, we have to worry about
non-state
actors who try to get their
hands on them.
So in terms of a strategic
threat, it's going
down to some extent, but, you
know, this is
a new world, and we're in a very
dangerous
position. The Bulletin of the
Atomic Scientists
sets the doomsday clock. And we
moved it from
five to three minutes to
midnight two years
ago, and we kept it this year at
three minutes
to midnight, because it's a very
troubling
time.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, let me...
RACHEL BRONSON: We have
deteriorating relations
between the U.S. and Russia, and
this modernization
program is very concerning.
JUDY WOODRUFF: I'm sorry to
interrupt, but
I do want to get back to Stephen
Rademaker
on this.
You can respond to what she
said. I don't
think the two of you are going
to come together,
but in terms of whether the
world is safer
today than it was at the end of
the Cold War,
when the U.S. and the then
Soviet Union were
then armed to the teeth?
STEPHEN RADEMAKER: I think we're
in a better
place today than we were at the
end of the
Cold War, but let's be clear,
there hasn't
been much progress during the
Obama administration
on the elimination of nuclear
weapons.
And I think Rachel would agree
with me on
that. In fact, actually, Russia
deploys 200
more nuclear weapons today than
it did when
President Obama took office.
That's according
to the official data
declarations.
China has recently started
testing independently
targetable reentry vehicles.
It's deploying
a mobile ICBM system. It just
deployed within
the last year its first
operationally deployed
submarine launch missiles. So,
the Chinese
nuclear threat is increasing
significantly.
This is the basic problem with
the agenda
outlined by President Obama. He
obviously
believes in it with all his
heart, but the
rest of the world doesn't. He
doesn't have
a partner in Moscow willing to
join him in
this enterprise.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, a lot of
big questions,
and we wanted to take a look at
it today,
on this day the president
visited Hiroshima.
Stephen Rademaker, we thank you.
Rachel Bronson,
thank you both.
RACHEL BRONSON: Thank you.
STEPHEN RADEMAKER: Thanks.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And now a
different look at
the aftermath of the Hiroshima
bombing and
a story rarely told.
John Yang has that.
JOHN YANG: Among the thousands
killed at Hiroshima
were 12 American prisoners of
war, the crew
of three planes that were shot
down on Hiroshima
area.
Today, President Obama noted
their deaths,
as well as the quiet, diligent,
four-decades-long
effort of one man, Shigeaki
Mori, a survivor
of the bombing, who wanted to
memorialize
the 12 Americans. Mori attended
Mr. Obama's
speech, and the two men
embraced.
Now a new film called "Paper
Lanterns" charts
Mori's quest as he sought
permission from
two of the families of the 12
POWs to register
their names for a memorial.
Here is a clip from the film,
where Ralph
Neal of Kentucky and Susan
Brissette Archinski
of Massachusetts read the
letters Mori sent
them seven years ago about their
uncles.
SUSAN BRISSETTE ARCHINSKI, Niece
of U.S. Veteran:
"Dear Mrs. Susan Brissette
Archinski."
RALPH NEAL, Nephew of U.S.
Veteran: "Dear
Mr. Ralph Neal, I hope this
letter finds you
well. My name is Shigeaki Mori,
a 72-year-old
A-bomb survivor and a historian
living in
Hiroshima, Japan.
"For a long time, I have been
reading about
American soldiers killed by the
atomic bomb.
I have erected a memorial
dedicated to their
unfortunate death. The 64th
anniversary of
the A-bomb of the city is coming
around soon.
On this day every year, memorial
services
are held in the Peace Park under
the auspices
of the Hiroshima mayor.
"A stone room in the center of
the cenotaph,
a main structure in the center
of the park,
contains a list of the domestic
and overseas
victims of the A-bomb, including
those American
soldiers who happened to be in
the city when
the bomb exploded.
SUSAN BRISSETTE ARCHINSKI AND
RALPH NEAL:
"This is my belief, that names
of all victims
should be acknowledged equally,
regardless
of their nationalities."
SUSAN BRISSETTE ARCHINSKI: "To
have one's
name registered, however, an
application needs
to be filed by a member of the
deceased's
family."
RALPH NEAL: "I have so far
contacted the bereaved
of nine of the 12 Americans
killed by the
bomb and submitted the
applications to the
city on their behalf. And now I
am hoping
to have the name of Mr. Ralph
Neal."
SUSAN BRISSETTE ARCHINSKI: "Of
Mr. Normand
Brissette included in the list
before this
year's ceremony."
RALPH NEAL: "I am so happy now
that I have
finally found you some 20 years
after I started
in my research. I look forward
to hearing
from you. Sincerely yours, Mr.
Mori."
JOHN YANG: We are joined now by
the man who
made this film Barry Frechette.
Barry, thanks for joining us.
BARRY FRECHETTE, Director,
"Paper Lanterns":
Thank you.
JOHN YANG: First of all, I have
got to tell
you how really moving and
powerful this movie
is.
Now, this is a story that
certainly I wasn't
aware of, and I think a lot of
people aren't
aware of. How did it come to you
and why did
you want to tell this story?
BARRY FRECHETTE: Well, it came
to me in a
couple ways.
One was, it's -- my great uncle
was Normand
Brissette's great, best friend
growing up
in. And so, in our family, we
kind of knew
of it. But to be honest, as a
kid growing
up, it really didn't have the
same impact.
And then through family members,
the Brissette
family, who are all very close
up in Lowell,
Massachusetts, made a book just
memorializing
Normand. And it had some paper
-- newspaper
clippings and other things.
And made its way into my hands
three, three-and-a-half
years ago now. And it has a
picture of Normand
on the front, and I was just
captured with
the idea of a 19-year-old kid in
Hiroshima,
so far away from home, and
witnessing something
absolutely terrible. So, I was
captured by
that.
JOHN YANG: And the movie builds
to the final
sequence. It takes place in the
same park
where President Obama spoke this
morning.
BARRY FRECHETTE: Right.
JOHN YANG: The ceremony of the
paper lanterns,
where families of people who
died in bombings
set off -- set lanterns off into
the river.
Was this the first time, though,
Mr. Mori
had gone?
BARRY FRECHETTE: It was.
We went over with Ralph to visit
with Mr.
Mori during the anniversary of
this past year.
And I think all of us were kind
of assuming
he had been there before. But
you know what?
We were there that morning, and
his wife had
said he had never gone, and it
was really
a shocker to us.
And then upon asking him and
digging a little
deeper, he just didn't really
feel like he
had family there, and didn't
have a right
the go. But this time, he did.
He was with
the Neal family, with Ralph
Neal. And it was
really moving. And it became
much more important,
I think, for us to sort of share
that moment
together and actually place
lanterns in the
water for the airmen and for the
memories.
JOHN YANG: I should point out
that Mr. Mori
was 8 years old, was in
Hiroshima, witnessed
the attack, spent 40 years
researching the
American POWs. Why? Why was he
doing this?
BARRY FRECHETTE: Well, at first,
you know,
we thought he's a historian at
heart, so uncovering
these facts and bringing them to
light, and
bringing them to light for a
good reason,
that was important.
But digging in with him further
and after
three trips, I think he really
opened up to
us. And he was supposed to be in
a school
much, much closer to the
epicenter. And for
some reason, he was away. He was
just moved
out of the school.
So, he would have been right
where most of
the American POWs died. And I
think, for him,
he felt a connection to them
that they were
lost and a long way from home,
and he felt
like they were forgotten. And it
was important
for him to kind of tell their
story, and at
the very least make sure the
relatives knew
what happened to their loved
ones, and that
put them on this quest and it
brought us to
this moment this morning.
JOHN YANG: This morning, when
President Obama
spoke, you were up watching, you
told me.
BARRY FRECHETTE: Yes. We -- the
whole paper
lantern family are very well
connected, and
a lot of tweets and messages and
postings
going around at the same time.
JOHN YANG: What was going
through your mind
when you heard first the
president mention
Mr. Mori, didn't saw him, but
then when you
saw the two speak and embrace?
BARRY FRECHETTE: It's a moment
that we never
thought would actually happen.
And we have this special place
in our heart
for him, because he's done so
much, and he's
a very humble man. And when that
moment happened,
it was really likely like it was
the spirits
of everyone. The 12 Americans,
all of us were
there with them, and I think
there was a -- there
was a lot of crying and a lot of
emotional
moments.
But it's something none of us
will ever forget,
seeing that, and I'm so happy it
happened.
JOHN YANG: It's -- people see
this movie.
It's called "Paper Lanterns."
It's something
people they never forget.
Barry Frechette, thanks for
being with us.
BARRY FRECHETTE: Thank you.
Thank you very
much.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Stay with us.
Coming up on the "NewsHour":
Mark Shields
and David Brooks analyze the
week's news;
and how dogs are helping
children to testify
in court.
But first: Roughly 70 billion
pounds of food
is wasted annually in the United
States.
The "NewsHour"'s Lisa Desjardins
is back from
maternity leave, and she caught
up this week
with chef Tom Colicchio of TV's
"Top Chef."
He was on Capitol Hill to bring
attention
to the issue of how much is
wasted in American
and to represent the group he
co-founded,
Food Policy Action.
LISA DESJARDINS: Many folks in
the food waste
movement say that some 40
percent of our food
grown in this country is unused
or wasted.
That's kind of a hard number to
get your head
around.
TOM COLICCHIO, Food Policy
Action: Well, actually,
that's the real number, 40
percent.
In fact, when I heard that
number about two
years ago, that's what really
brought me to
this issue. I was staggered by
the amount
of food that's being wasted.
When you think
about what you purchase at home,
you can imagine
throwing 40 percent in the
garbage, and you
think about how hard farmers
work, and everything
that goes in.
It's not just the food. It's all
the resources
that go into creating the food.
So it's water,
it's energy, it's people's work.
LISA DESJARDINS: You know, last
year, NPR
and "NewsHour" teamed up; we
went to the Salinas
Valley in California.
And there, we got these
extraordinary pictures
of dump trucks full of lettuce
and spinach,
cartons full of broccoli, that
the producers
were taking to the landfill, not
consumers.
We also have a food culture in
this country
that promotes, and to some
degree almost worships,
beautiful food.
And, in your restaurants, you
serve beautiful
food. How do you change that
culture to show
Americans that your food can be
imperfect?
TOM COLICCHIO: When people think
of wasted
food, they think of something
that is left
on the plate. We're not talking
about that.
We're talking about food that is
perfectly
good.
But I think, if we're looking at
large supermarkets
that are throwing food out
because it's slightly
wilted or there's a little
blemish on it or
it's slightly bruised, I think
the average
person looks at that and goes,
there's nothing
wrong with that. Why are we
throwing this
away?
But when you see those
truckloads, I think
you look at that and go, we have
to fix this
problem.
LISA DESJARDINS: We saw this
week the very
first hearing from the House
Agriculture Committee
on food waste. This is a time
when politicians
are looking at polls that say
the number one
concern for voters is the
economy. The number
two concern is terrorism.
TOM COLICCHIO: When you have 25
percent of
recruits showing up to fight our
wars that
are washing out because of
obesity, when you
have health care costs rising
because of the
way we're -- what we're eating
in this country
that's costing us about $200
billion a year.
So it actually does affect the
economy and
it does affect mission
readiness. So you can
actually equate food right back
to these issues
that are important, these
issues, economic
issues and issues of national
security.
LISA DESJARDINS: I think a lot
of our viewers
would be surprised to know there
are almost
no clear national guidelines for
food labeling
and date labeling.
TOM COLICCHIO: Right. Right. And
that's part
of the reason why we're here in
Washington
today. We are supporting
Congresswoman Pingree's
bill, co-sponsored on the Senate
side. Richard
Blumenthal sponsored it as well.
And it just really focuses on
date labeling.
Right now, we have sell-by
dates. The sell-by
date doesn't mean that a gallon
of milk is
spoiled. It means that that is
when the manufacturer
wants you to sell it by.
Typically, it's fine for a good
many days
past that, and yet 80 percent of
the people
will look at that and throw it
out by the
sell-by date. And so a ton of
food is being
wasted because things are
improperly labeled.
And this bill will address that.
LISA DESJARDINS: I'm curious. I
always look
in the back of the "Top Chef"
show. You see
these beautiful bins of fruits
and vegetables
and meats. What happens to the
food on the
show?
TOM COLICCHIO: We have a very
hungry crew
that eats well.
(LAUGHTER)
TOM COLICCHIO: We really do.
We -- without giving too much
away, we just
had a challenge where there was
a lot of really
delicious barbecue pig left
over, and every
bit of it went to our crew.
LISA DESJARDINS: What tips do
you have for
people who want to change this
in their own
lives?
TOM COLICCHIO: Yes, so, I think,
on the consumer
side, try to shop more
frequently.
If you're somebody who goes and
shops for
your family once a week, you
typically overbuy.
Don't ever shop when you're
hungry, because
you definitely overpurchase and
overbuy food.
Also, what I try to do is, on
Friday, that's
when I clean out my
refrigerator.
So, I go in, I look at all the
vegetables,
all the scraps, I chop it up and
it either
goes into a soup or it goes into
a pasta.
I think it's something, when you
start focusing
on it, and you start looking at
it and you
start -- people are so focused,
they are so
cost-conscious when they're
purchasing food,
but yet, when they come home,
they don't look
at the price when they are
throwing foods
in the garbage.
And so I think that, if you do
that, that
clean-up Friday, where I call it
cleanup Friday,
I clean out the refrigerator and
make something
with that, I think that's one
thing that people
could do.
LISA DESJARDINS: The New York
Times called
you a citizen chef.
Tom Colicchio, thank you for
joining us.
TOM COLICCHIO: You're welcome.
Thank you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And now to the
analysis of
Shields and Brooks. That's
syndicated columnist
Mark Shields and New York Times
columnist
David Brooks.
Welcome, gentlemen.
So, let's start with where the
president was
today, Mark, at Hiroshima. Made
a speech,
didn't apologize, but he spoke
of something
that he said changed the world.
MARK SHIELDS: And it did, and he
reminded
us of how serious.
He spoke seriously. He is, at
the core, I
think, quite a serious man, and
reminded that
-- serious words on a serious
subject, a president
deals in that. And it's a
reminder in the
turmoil and the silliness of
fatuousness of
much of the campaign, that
that's what a president
does. And he addressed it, I
thought, in serious
fashion.
JUDY WOODRUFF: What did you make
of the president's
remarks?
DAVID BROOKS: Well, first, I
think it was
a beautiful speech.
It was realistic about our human
nature and
our tendency to get into fights.
And one of
the nice little moments in there
was when
he tied the fighting of
hunter-gatherers,
the fighting of children on the
playground
to a nuclear explosion. It's
just the same
sorts of territoriality,
tribalism, but with
bigger tools.
And so that was a nice tool and
I think a
characteristically Barack
Obama-esque dose
of realism. I was glad he didn't
apologize.
I think, on balance, the
decision was the
right one. He elliptically
avoided that. He
avoided mention of who actually
started the
war, which was diplomatic.
And then, you know, as we heard
earlier, he
held out the hope of getting rid
of nuclear
weapons. I'm glad, as a matter
of policy,
he hasn't done much about it.
He's reduced
nuclear stockpiles less than the
two Bush
administrations did. And I think
that's just
reflecting of the dangerousness
of the world.
And to be honest, and this all
goes the way
back to the Cold War, I never
got the whole
reducing nuclear numbers thing
entirely. Whether
we have 20,000 or 10,000 or
5,000, one is
bad. And so I never felt safer
during the
Cold War when we reduced it from
20 to 10,
because if we shoot one, that's
bad.
But a lot of people put a lot of
energy into
this. I have quite never seen
the point of
it, to be honest.
JUDY WOODRUFF: They do. They do.
They do.
MARK SHIELDS: Well, in the
proliferation,
I think it was just, more than
anything, the
sense of numbers and the
direction that we're
trying to change in that. I
really do, but
by reducing the numbers.
We went from having, when Dwight
Eisenhower
was elected, five nuclear
weapons, Hiroshima,
Nagasaki weapons, to a million
by the time
he ended, the equivalent
thereof.
JUDY WOODRUFF: At the end of the
Cold War.
MARK SHIELDS: I mean, there is a
limit, I
guess, in how much you have to
destroy the
world.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Well, there was
the long reach
of politics, I guess you could
say, while
the president was in Japan. He
commented on
Donald Trump. He said that world
leaders tell
him they're rattled by some
things Donald
Trump is saying, David.
Donald Trump responded, and
criticized the
president, said he shouldn't
have said that.
But this all comes, David, as
Donald Trump
is figuring out his relationship
with the
Republican Party. He still
doesn't have an
endorsement from Speaker Ryan.
He criticized
the Republican governor of New
Mexico.
Where is he in his relationship
with the Republican
Party?
DAVID BROOKS: Well, people are
getting in
line to different degrees.
They're acclimatizing
themselves.
And, as I mentioned last week,
they're normalizing
Donald Trump, as if he's a
normal candidate.
And a lot of them will say,
well, the Supreme
Court is what really matters,
and he will
pick a better Supreme Court.
And I -- somebody make a good
point. If David
Duke was the Republican nominee,
would you
say the Supreme Court is all
that matters?
Would you support David Duke? At
some point,
to my mind, a line has to be
drawn, that you
just won't support a certain
sort of person.
But I have that a lot of
Republicans are coming
into view just saying, well,
whatever, he's
part of the team. And Marco
Rubio has sort
of slid into that. Ryan and Cruz
are holdouts.
And Ryan is like -- he's like,
do I really
have to marry Henry VIII?
Because it's bad.
And then Cruz, it's personal.
Some of the
things Cruz said -- that Trump
said on the
campaign trail just got into
Cruz's -- legitimately
into his heart. And he is just,
I can't go
there.
And so there's a slowly seepage
into Trump
world, but with a few, I would
say, honorable
holdouts.
JUDY WOODRUFF: How do you size
up his -- this
relationship-building exercise?
MARK SHIELDS: Well, I agree with
David about
Ted Cruz. Donald Trump
gratuitously slanderous
Ted Cruz's wife. He libeled Ted
Cruz's father
for being potentially part of
Lee Harvey Oswald's
assassination of the president
of the United
States, suggesting that he was
somehow a fellow
traveler in that.
This is a libel. You don't get
over it. But
I -- at the same time, I may not
be the sharpest
knife in the drawer, but I
cannot figure out
any possible advantage to Donald
Trump when
he's got a problem with Latinos
and with women
to go into New Mexico, where the
nation's
only Latina woman Republican
governor sits,
who has not said anything
negative about him,
who endorsed one of his
opponents, but has
not been an attack dog on Donald
Trump, and
absolutely goes after her and is
abusive to
her.
And I'm just saying to myself,
what is the
advantage to this? And I just --
I think this
man may be addicted to the roar
of the grease
paint and the sound of the
crowd, or however
it goes, smell of the crowd. And
those rallies
bring out something in him, and
he just feels
that he has to -- and it's all
personal, Judy.
I mean, it's not a philosophical
difference.
It's not a political difference.
It's all
personal.
DAVID BROOKS: There is an
undercurrent here
which has been going on.
We have talked. And I do believe
that a large
part of Trump's support comes
out of economic
distress and social dislocation.
But there
has always been an ethnic
element to it, and
how much that plays a role in
Trump's support
is really impossible to measure.
His voters are not as poor as we
used to say.
Their incomes are in the 90s,
$90,000s. And
so they're a lot of affluent
voters. So, I
not that they're not necessarily
economically
hurting. And so maybe -- if
there's a strategy
there -- and I think -- tend to
think there's
not.
I tend to think he just gets
carried away
by his addiction to insult. And
he just goes
after people. But if there's a
strategy, it's
maybe to whip up every white
person in America,
he think.s
I just want to mention, one
other episode
this week was the invocation of
Vincent Foster's
suicide, which was another
appalling moment.
And we're...
(CROSSTALK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: The Clinton White
House.
DAVID BROOKS: The Clinton White
House. It
was a Clinton friend, friend of
Hillary Clinton
back, I think, at the Rose Law
Firm.
And he came to Washington.
Whatever happened
happened, and he committed
suicide. And just
to invoke the conspiracy
theories that still
swirl around that is just -- you
know, the
mind boggles, if we weren't used
to it.
JUDY WOODRUFF: I was going to
say, yes, he
was critical of Governor
Martinez, but what
he had to say about Hillary
Clinton, at one
point, he was holding his hands
over his ears
and saying, her scream, I can't
stand it.
He called her a lowlife.
And I guess, today, he was
saying, "Does she
look like a president?"
How does Hillary Clinton, Mark,
how does she
counter that? Does she have a
strategy for
coming back at somebody who
every day, it
seems, has a new line of attack?
MARK SHIELDS: Yes.
Well, let me, first of all,
recommend Sheila
Anthony, who is Vince Foster's
sister, had
a beautiful piece today in The
Washington
Post asking, is there no limit
to your shame?
Do you have no sense of
embarrassment?
I mean, after five
investigations, the Department
of Justice, the special counsel,
Ken Starr,
all concluded, without a
question, that Vince
Foster committed suicide, and
Donald Trump
is saying there is something
fishy here.
What Hillary Clinton has going
for her is
a secret weapon, and it's called
Elizabeth
Warren. Elizabeth Warren gets
under Donald
Trump's skin. And I think she's
been the most
effective adversary. I think
she's done more
to unite the Democratic Party
than either
Hillary Clinton or Bernie
Sanders.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Really?
MARK SHIELDS: I mean, she
obviously -- he
can't stay away from her. He is
tweeting about
her.
And, you know, she had a line
that absolutely
drove him bats. And, in fact, I
wrote it down,
because I knew I would forget
it. "A man who
cares about no one but himself,
a small, insecure
money-grubber who doesn't care
about who gets
hurt, so long as he makes some
money out of
it. What kind of a man is that?
A man who
will never be president."
And I think the fact that she
hasn't endorsed
Hillary is probably...
(CROSSTALK)
JUDY WOODRUFF: Hasn't endorsed
Hillary Clinton.
(CROSSTALK)
MARK SHIELDS: Hasn't endorsed
Hillary, hasn't
endorsed Bernie.
But it's interesting. I think --
I don't think
Hillary Clinton's figured it
out. I mean,
Hillary Clinton was playing
defense this week.
JUDY WOODRUFF: But whether it's
Elizabeth
Warren or not, doesn't Hillary
Clinton, David,
need to come up with some
approach that works,
that is an effective comeback?
DAVID BROOKS: Yes. Well, I think
she does,
not that anybody else has
managed to do this.
Set aside the e-mail thing, but
she's just
had a very bad week. If you
looked at her
communication style, it's gotten
almost soporific.
She just can't do the Christmas.
Trump, for all his moral flaws,
is a marketing
genius. And you look at what he
does. He just
picks a word and he attaches it
to a person.
Little Marco, lyin' Ted, crooked
Hillary.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Crooked Hillary.
DAVID BROOKS: And that's a word.
And that's
how marketing works. It's a
simple, blunt
message, but it gets under.
It sticks, and it diminishes.
And so it has
been super effective for him,
because he knows
how to do that. And she just
comes, with oh,
he's divisive. These are words
that are not
exciting people. And her
campaign style has
gotten, if anything, I think a
little more
stagnant and more flat.
And so the tactics, it seems to
me, is either
you do what Elizabeth Warren has
done, like
full-bore negativity, that kind
of under the
skin, or try to ridicule him and
use humor.
Humor is not Hillary Clinton's
strongest point.
JUDY WOODRUFF: But even without
Donald Trump,
Hillary Clinton has these other
problems.
David mentioned the e-mails.
How much of a problem is that
for Hillary
Clinton, Mark? And then,
meanwhile, Bernie
Sanders is still out there
competing hard
in California, trying to debate
Trump. It
was on again/off again. It looks
like it's
off.
MARK SHIELDS: Well, first of
all, Judy, we
found out that they had not been
candid, they
have not been helpful, they have
not been
cooperative, they, the Clinton
-- starting
with Secretary Clinton and her
staff, with
the inspector general, the State
Department.
JUDY WOODRUFF: On the e-mail.
MARK SHIELDS: Said there were no
rules broken.
There were rules broken.
You know, for a candidacy and a
candidate
who has suffered from perceived
problems of
lack of transparency and lack of
candor, this
was a compounded act of lack of
candor and
lack of transparency and
forthrightness.
So, yes, it's a problem. It's
probably better
that it happened on Memorial Day
than happen
on Labor Day or Columbus Day.
But, as far
as California is concerned, we
get conflicting
reports that the race has
tightened, 850,000
new voters since the 1st of
January until
the 31st of March.
It should be a state -- it's a
state she won
against Barack Obama in 2008.
It's a state
with a large minority population
of Democrats,
which should be her strong suit.
But, you know, I don't think
there is any
question that it's a horse race
out there.
Now, don't -- the Democrats
shouldn't get
suicidal. Jimmy Carter lost the
California
primary in 1976 about to be
nominated, eventually
elected, by 1.3 million votes to
Jerry Brown.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Thirty seconds.
What does Bernie Sanders want,
David?
DAVID BROOKS: Well, he's
winning. I mean,
he's rising.
So, I don't -- you go to the
rallies, he must
feel good. The numbers are
swinging in his
direction. And he believes in a
cause, he
believes in a mission. It's also
psychologically
super hard, especially if you're
winning,
to walk away from this thing.
So, I understand why he's still
going. I think
he wants to change the country
and change
the party. And it's working, so
why should
he quit, frankly?
JUDY WOODRUFF: But we will see
about California,
10 more days.
David Brooks, Mark Shields,
thank you both.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Dogs have long
been used in
classrooms for children with
special needs,
as visitors in senior citizens'
homes, and
as comfort for patients in
hospitals.
Now canine companions are being
used to help
crime victims cope with the
aftermath of violence
and abuse.
Special correspondent Kathleen
McCleery has
our story.
MICHAEL Ramos, District
Attorney, San Bernardino
County: Hey, you're here, too?
Wow, OK. Come
here, buddy. How are you? I hear
you have
been busy in court, huh?
KATHLEEN MCCLEERY: In San
Bernardino, California,
two black Labradors are regulars
in the district
attorney's office.
Three-year-old Dozer and
2.5-year-old Lupe
are among DA Michael Ramos'
newest staff members,
part of a special victims canine
unit. Last
August, they were officially
sworn in, paws
on a California criminal law
book.
The dogs' job is to reduce fear
and help some
of the most vulnerable victims,
many of them
children, feel comfortable in
court.
MICHAEL RAMOS: They have never
been in a courtroom,
you know, in their lives, and
add on top of
that, they're going to have to
discuss, and
tell a jury about how they were
either physically
abused, sexually abused, and
have to relive
those horrible moments in their
lives.
KATHLEEN MCCLEERY: Dozer was
detailed to a
case in juvenile court late last
year.
PEARL CURIEL, Mother: My
daughters were a
victim of abuse.
KATHLEEN MCCLEERY: Pearl
Curiel's daughters
had to testify.
GIRL: I felt nervous, because
the judge is
like right there, and you just
look up at
the judge and you think, I'm
going to freak
out.
GIRL: I felt kind of scared, but
once I saw
Dozer with me, I wasn't scared
anymore.
PEARL CURIEL: I couldn't be
right there, where
the mom is supposed to be. I
couldn't hold
my daughter and rub her back
while she talked,
you know? But he was. He was
able to say,
you know what, I'm not going to
leave you.
And I'm going to sit right next
to you, and
you can pet me, and you can talk
to me, you
know?
I don't know if they would have
made it through
without him. It's so silly,
because it's like
it's just a dog, you know, it's
just -- but
he is a superhero. Like, for my
girls, I know
he is.
KATHLEEN MCCLEERY: Dozer's
handler, child
advocate Yesica Cioli, believes
the dog's
support will have a long-term
effect.
YESICA CIOLI, Child Advocate,
San Bernardino
County: Whenever a victim gives
their testimony,
they feel empowered. So I think
the girls
getting up there, and telling
their story,
and telling what happened is the
first step
in them being able to overcome
the situation
and become survivors.
KATHLEEN MCCLEERY: The other
lab, Lupe, was
tasked with calming two young
boys, one allegedly
abused by a relative. In April,
the dog accompanied
them on a mock run-through ahead
of the actual
trial.
D.J. ROSS, Child Advocate, San
Bernardino
County: I had a rape case for a
child that
was raped from the time he was 4
to 10, and
was all alone and couldn't tell
anybody. It
was very difficult for him to
have to describe
what he went through.
MICHAEL RAMOS: The young victim
was really
nervous, really stressed. And
Lupe, our dog,
picked up on it, and went up to
him and nudged
the young victim on the leg. The
young victim
started to pet the dog, rubbing
his ears,
and Lupe is on him. And he was
able to relax,
didn't have the anxiety, and he
was able to
tell what happened to him.
KATHLEEN MCCLEERY: The dogs have
their own
office. Like humans here, they
work a nine-hour
day, and then go home with their
handlers.
It cost about $80,000 to start
up the facility
dog program in San Bernardino.
That includes a specially
equipped van with
windows that roll down if the
temperature
inside gets too hot and water
bowls that won't
tip over. Officials expect the
dogs to remain
on the job for about nine years.
Judges have to approve before a
dog can come
to court. The jury is told in
advance that
the dog will be sitting here in
the witness
box, sight unseen. And defense
attorneys have
the chance to object.
Do you ever hear that the dog
might be able
to create some sort of sympathy
for the victim?
Is that a concern?
MICHAEL RAMOS: You know, that
was a concern.
In fact, there have been briefs
written and
motions written by attorneys, by
district
attorney's offices when that
issue comes up.
Once everybody gets comfortable
with this
whole new process, I don't think
you're going
to have that issue, because even
the defense
bar, all they want is the truth
as well, and
so do the courts.
KATHLEEN MCCLEERY: Last year,
Dozer and Lupe
were deployed to the scene of
the terrorist
attacks in San Bernardino, along
with two
English Labrador retrievers.
Wally and Giovanni had recently
joined the
FBI as the bureau's first crisis
response
canines. They comforted victims
and families,
and helped relieve stress when
employees returned
to work a month later.
Assistance Dogs of the West in
Santa Fe, New
Mexico, breeds and trains the
dogs. They have
placed 15 in judicial districts,
and have
at least eight more in the
pipeline. They
also provide dogs to individuals
and organizations,
but courthouse work is growing,
says executive
director Linda Milanesi.
LINDA MILANESI, Executive
Director, Assistance
Dogs of the West: We realized
that this was
an area that was really
exploring something
new, that had the potential to
reach a lot
of people, and that was really
making a new
map in the world, in the world,
in the judicial
system.
KATHLEEN MCCLEERY: Most
courthouse dogs are
labs and golden retrievers, bred
for good
health and an even temperament.
Intensive
training starts early with lots
of hands-on
attention.
Professionals work with them one
on one, often
in public places. The dogs learn
about 90
complex tasks. Children ages
8-18 teach them
commands, too. High school
sophomore Natalie
Longmire-Kulis has been training
dogs since
she was 9.
NATALIE LONGMIRE-KULIS, Dog
Trainer: The dog
learns patience. They also learn
how to be
touched in different ways,
because, obviously,
9-year-old hands are different
from 18-year-old
hands, and so they pet different
ways, and
they cuddle different ways, and
their bodies
are different.
So it really just allows the
dogs to get used
to different body types and
different ways
of handling.
JILL FELICE, Founder, Assistance
Dogs of the
West: Having the dogs being
trained by students,
one of the outcomes is they all
learn to listen
to little voices.
KATHLEEN MCCLEERY: Jill Felice
founded Assistance
Dogs of the West. She says the
key to instilling
calm and trust is simple
science.
JILL FELICE: Dogs actually help
us release
oxytocin, which is the calming
hormone and
the bonding hormone, and when
you are able
to have that hormone going
through your body,
as opposed to the stress
hormone, cortisol,
it's much easier to tell your
story.
KATHLEEN MCCLEERY: After nearly
two years
of study, the dogs move on.
"Love Story" actress and animal
lover Ali
MacGraw presided over this
year's commencement
ceremony celebrating 12
four-legged graduates.
Among them were FBI dogs, Wally
and Giovanni,
who flew in from Washington for
the festivities,
and a labradoodle named Zeus who
is headed
to veterans court in Albuquerque
to work with
vets with combat injuries.
MacGraw believes the courthouse
dog program
uses compassion to promote
justice.
ALI MACGRAW, Actress: I'm so
moved, especially
in this crazy, often
negative-sounding world
that we -- fear-driven that
we're in now,
when I see that a few people can
change the
lives for the good of everybody
involved,
and I think it gives me hope.
KATHLEEN MCCLEERY: For the "PBS
NewsHour,"
I'm Kathleen McCleery in Santa
Fe, New Mexico.
JUDY WOODRUFF: Now some very
good news: After
more than a month away, my
partner, Gwen Ifill,
will be rejoining the "NewsHour"
next week.
And she will be, you will be on
PBS tonight
with your Friday show,
"Washington Week."
We are so excited to have you
back.
GWEN IFILL: I'm thrilled to be
back. And I
really missed you, Judy,
especially, everybody
else, but really you.
JUDY WOODRUFF: We missed you. We
all missed
you. If you could see a chorus,
you would
see.
GWEN IFILL: OK, back to
business.
On "Washington Week" tonight, we
look at the
upsides, the downsides and the
challenges
awaiting the three remaining
candidates for
president. Plus, we assess the
current president's
long-awaited Asia pivot.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And, so Gwen, we
are putting
you to work as soon as you're
back next week.
You're going to sit down with
the president
at a "NewsHour" town hall.
GWEN IFILL: Yes. We're going to
talk to the
people of Elkhart, Indiana, ask
them what
questions they have for the
president. And
we may have a few of our own as
well, Judy.
JUDY WOODRUFF: We can't wait.
She's back.
(LAUGHTER)
JUDY WOODRUFF: On the "NewsHour"
online: Today,
four poets share their memories
and perspective
on Hiroshima. All that and more
is on our
Web site, PBS.org/NewsHour.
And on "PBS NewsHour Weekend,"
rural America
facing a shortage of lawyers.
NARRATOR: Attorney Kristen
Kochekian (ph)
is spending her morning with the
mayor of
Doland, South Dakota, discussing
how, legally,
the rural ranching community can
address a
local rat infestation and a dog
wreaking havoc
on the town.
Such legal counsel is hard to
come by in Doland
and the nine surrounding
communities in Spink
County. Until last year, there
were only two
attorneys with private practices
serving the
county's 6,000 residents.
DAVID GILBERTSON, Chief Justice:
South Dakota
has 66 counties; 64 of them have
courthouses.
They are not going to function
without attorneys
there. It's the same as a
hospital with no
nurses. Nothing's going to
happen.
JUDY WOODRUFF: And before we go,
we want to
remember a longtime contributor
to the "NewsHour."
Producer and editor David Wald
died today.
You didn't see him on camera,
but he was a
gentle and smart force behind
the scenes on
dozens of education stories. He
worked closely
with correspondents John Merrow
and John Tulenko
for more than a decade. He had
recently joined
the Education Week team,
producing reports
for us as well.
His wide-ranging coverage ran
from the transformation
of New Orleans schools, to the
battle over
Common Core, to a New Jersey
school providing
relief after Superstorm Sandy.
David was a great colleague and
friend, a
producer who frequently came up
with the best
ideas, and yet rarely took the
credit.
David Wald was 61 years old.
And that is the "NewsHour" for
tonight.
On Monday, we will be back with
a look at
the economic power of Latinos in
the U.S.
I'm Judy Woodruff. We hope you
have a great
Memorial Day weekend. Thank you,
and good
I'm Judy Woodruff. We hope you
have a great
Memorial Day weekend. Thank you,
and good
night.